Peer Review of the report from Group S393
The Review is done by Group S413

1 - Group S393 implemented at least 4 methods from 4 different familier and checked the result for Dummy classifier. They made an assumption that Duration column won't be of any benefit as length of the song is irrelevant when decided if you like it or not. Insufficient reasoning or motivation was given for making this assumption.

2 - They Implemented Logistic regression, LDA, QDA, KNN and Tree based methods. For all the above mentioned algorithms they implemented, tuned and evaluated them. There was no mention about data normalization with logistic and KNN method as these methods are affected by the variation in numeric data. Also, for Logistic regression - test- train split is 50% while for remaining models its 20-80. I think all the models should have been tested over same training and test data.
One thing that would have been nice would be to have included a section in an appendix with what final value was decided for what hyper-parameter for each algorithm. This is not something that we did either, but reading the report we realize that such a section could have been a nice addition.

3 - Their reasoning to support their final solution seems fair. They used Cross-validation to check which method is performing best for them. If they wanted a stronger case, what they could have done is looked at other metrices like recall, precision for making the decision. All in all their reasoning very sound.

4 - Everything was in the report except references. Make sure to add references next time as they are really important especially when you write theoretical methods as well. Linear Regression given as heading, while the code is for logistic regression. 

5 - Arugments for reflection task were discussed seriously. Both the usage for the relfection task were discussed as an advantage and disadavantage, how it can help and how it can be of any harm. It was very good that when discussing user consent, group S393 stressed the importance of not only being transparent about the prupose of colelcting user data but also communicating in a manner which makes it possible for people that do not necessarily have a solid grasp of machine learning methods to understand the consequences of giving their consent.
However, this part of the reflection task was not discussed very much. Given the page limit, this is understandable but it would have been nice if this section had been discussed more.


6 - Language Quality can be improved. It's always to proof read the report before submission as it can help in correcting many spelling mistakes and correct some sentence formation. Common spelling mistake was when they mentioned 'scikit-learn' package. Overall it was fine but it can be much better just by proof reading.
